QL & QLS
========

*Carlos Cirello - MSc. Software Engineering - Batch 2015/2016*

Questionaire Language is a toy project for UvA Software Construction Course 2014/2015 Batch. It is a DSL meant to describe forms (QL) and another DSL to describe their style (QLS).


# How to install?

This project depends on go-qml to compile execute, there for QT5 is expected to be available in the machine. Please, follow these [installation instructions](https://github.com/go-qml/qml/blob/v1/README.md#installation).

Once QT5 is available, execute:

```
$ git clone https://github.com/software-engineering-amsterdam/many-ql.git
$ cd many-ql/carlos.cirello
$ go build
$ ./carlos.cirello

or

C:\...> carlos.cirello
```

Or if you are in Unix-derived environment:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/software-engineering-amsterdam/many-ql.git
$ cd many-ql/carlos.cirello
$ make
$ ./carlos.cirello
```

# Documentation

## Inline documentation

Inline documentation is automatically generated by [godoc](https://godoc.org/golang.org/x/tools/cmd/godoc). Makefile has a target to shortcut its execution. On MacOS, it should open the browser automatically, otherwise point to the address it returns on console.

To access the inline documentation, execute:
```
$ make doc
```

## Slides

Some slides explaining few important decisions are available, and you should see them. It is incomplete, yet useful. On MacOS, it should open the browser automatically, otherwise point to the address it returns on console.

To access the slides, execute:
```
$ make talk
```

## TODO

This toy project is an ongoing effort. Therefore, it is expected to have lots of things to do. In order to extract the inline "to do" tasks, execute:
```
$ make todo
```

# Development Cycle

## Tests

Ideally, all relevant code should be tested. This project uses the native test system of Go.

If you want to run tests only:
```
$ make test
```

If you want to run tests with code coverage (incomplete):
```
$ make coverage
```

If you want it to detect changes, and automatically execute the tests (Red-Green-Refactor cycle):
```
$ make autotest
```
